His legs were shaking while his feet tapped against the floor, continuously, and his eyes gazed upon the laptop’s screen. He was animating for the video.

Time to time, he was un-focusing from the screen to take a glimpse at the clock.

“Is it 12?”, he murmurs to himself, and then looks at the clock, “no, it’s just 11:45”, then again gets back to the animation.

“Is it 12?”, and again looks back at the clock, “no, it’s just 11:49.”

“what’s the time now?”, once again he un-focuses from the screen and gazes the clock. “It’s 11:56” and says “why is the time running so slowly?”, in his upsetting voice this time.

He decides to not look at the clock, at-least for longer interval than before. So, he focuses back to his work. Meanwhile, tapping of feet gets faster and faster, and sound gets louder and louder.

TINNNGGGGG!!!, there was a notification on his phone. He picks up the phone to check it. It was a Whatsapp message. He then raises his eyeballs to take a look at the time; it was finally 12, 12:03 to be specific.

“I know what’s that message is about”, he smirks and says to himself.

He was sure it was a birthday wish from someone, but he didn’t know who was that person, so he checks it out, the message.

“Ahh”, he sighs as he sees the message wasn’t from the one whom he was expecting. Then he shuts the laptop down, gets up from the chair and walks up to the mirror. He looks at himself, in the mirror.

“Nothing has changed”, he says.

And then lies down on the bed, and plays some music on his phone. He doesn’t close his eyes; keeps thinking about something and also kept checking his phone frequently for some new message.

“What is so special about this day, I don’t know; everyone is going to wish me today, happy birthday; okay I know it, I know it’s my birthday, but happy? How can you determine? There is nothing naturally happy about this, only people make it to look like; they’ll pretend to make it happy for me. But I don’t like pretentious people”, he keeps talking to himself.

He stops, for a while and picks his phone up, to check messages.

“I’m not desperate to be wished, but still, I want that one person to wish me”. He kept talking to himself for like next one hour, until falls asleep.

He was in shallow sleep when he heard some noises: it was his family who was awake, before him. He was also awake, but kept his eyes closed, perhaps he wanted to test something.

“Wake up, it’s 10am”, his father says to him, calmly and shake him to get him out of sleep. The calmness in his father’s voice, it was very unfamiliar to him rather rare; he wakes up and acts as he was in deep sleep, only he wasn’t.

“Happy birthday”, his father wishes him and then sips his tea, “Surrp!”

“Thank you”, he replies in low voice, as a sleepy person would do. He then walks to the wash basin to clean his face and then looks at the clock.

“It’s not possible”, he says to himself as he expresses his shock, but he wasn’t surprised, “it’s 10:37 and not even 10, how didn’t I get scolded for sleeping so late.”

It was an important question, as just yesterday he overslept till 8 in the morning and got scolded. But he was happy that for the reason he lied so long on the bed, was true.

“Everybody is going to be pretentious”, he says to himself and smiles.

“Happy birthday!”, the phrase has now become familiar to his ears today, everybody was wishing him ‘happy birthday’, even did the people who he never talked to or did very occasionally. But it was one person, for whom he was still waiting, who has not yet sent any message, not even the whatsapp sticker, like every other day.

“Does she even remember?”, he asks himself, and check his phone, again, like he had been doing it for the multiple times since last night, “she remembered last time!”

“We won’t be celebrating your birthday, we can’t”, his mother tells him, while his focus was concentrated on his phone. But he heard it anyways, and he knew the reason, he looks at her and doesn’t say anything; he was happy, as it was happening just like he wanted it to.

His phone rings as he was going through his daily dose of insta-reels, it was his sister who was calling him. He picks it up.

“Happy birthday, chirkut”

“Thank you”, he says, but in a low voice.

“Aren’t you happy?”, she asks him, as she noticed dullness in his voice.

“No, I’m not, what is there to be happy about, I’m turned frekkin 18, no more a child.”

“So, what? Everyone turns 18 at some point in their life, I turned 18 three years ago”

“How did you feel?”

“Nothing unusual; just a little nervous for months, after birthday”

“But I feel different; I don’t like it; I don’t want to change”

“As far as I know, you don’t have a choice”, she tells him, in a gentle and calm voice.

“I know that”

“Let’s change the topic, anyways”, she says in a cheerful voice, “what happened today?”

“Nothing special, everybody wished me happy birthday and showed their pretentious faces, few put story for me on their insta.”

“Why would you say that? No one is pretending, we all are wishing you”, she says to him, “if I were pretending, then I’d have just sent you a message; but I called”

“You never talk to me, but you are calling today just to wish me”, he complains to her, as he was upset with her.

“Yeah, because I’m in college, and also preparing for exams and studying, but still I called you today, because I care, I’m not pretending, nobody is.”

“Whatever”, he says, ignoring her, as he doesn’t understand what she was trying to say.

“Why don’t you focus on bright side of things? Why always pessimistic?”

“Maybe not you, but others are”, he still wasn’t ready to accept her side of argument.

“It’s your good day, I won’t ruin it”, she says, “you’re not in your right mind, we’ll talk someday, later”

“Yeah, sure”, he agrees, as if was trying to listen to her but was unable to think it right.

“Okay bye”, she greets him, and then adds, “don’t forget to send me the pics of whatever pretentious things will happen tonight” and then chuckles.

“Okay”, he also chuckles and then hangs up the phone.

“Five, four, three, two, one, … and finally, it was 6:50pm”, and he finally turns 18, practically. He looks around, for a while and takes a deep breath.

“I’ve become an adult, no more a child; a full-fledged adult. But what’s changed? I see no change”, he was still talking to himself, and then he checks his phone again, still no message.

He was upset, he keeps his phone back in his pocket, and gets up from the chair in the park where he was, and starts running. Slowly at the beginning and then fast, faster and faster. He completes two rounds of the park then stops, and pants.

He looks up to the sky and smiles. The kind of feeling, which he was experiencing, made him happy, even though he couldn’t name or understand it.

He gets back to home, late, as he had planned, and nobody scolds him, not even ask why was he late. He smiles, again, as he could see, everything that he had been thinking coming true.

Checks his phone, “Happy birthday chipkali”; finally, it was there, and it brought a big smile on his face, which was bigger than any previous smile, that day.