“God created men. Saw us working hard, flawlessly, and feared that we would become equal to if not greater than them.”

“What are you saying?”

“Then he created women”, I added, and turned back to her.

“Are you drunk or what?”, asked my sister.

I didn’t reply, just kept staring at her, with my eyes squinted a little.

“That’s very creepy”, she said, “the way you are looking at me.” That didn’t bother me, I was still staring dead at her.

“I’m leaving”, she said, annoyed by my behavior.

“Leave me, just like she did”, I scoffed at her.

“That’s why she left”, she muttered.

Next thing I know, I was looking at her, disappointed. “That’s very fucked up thing to say to someone!”, said I with raised eyebrows. She just gave an evil smirk and walked off. I jumped on my feet, ran towards her.

“What?”

“Nothing, just coming along”

There was brief moment of silence, pin drop silence. And then Didi finally turned to me. I was walking beside her, with my head held low.

“Ok! Tell me what happened”, she said, infuriated.

“You’re not interested, I can see that”, I said, and didn’t look at her but down on the ground.

“No, it’s not that”, she said, annoyed. I saw her feet stopping abruptly. “I was telling you from the starting, but you didn’t listen.”

“Let me have this, please don’t complain!”

“I’m not complaining, I’m just trying to help, like I was trying to do earlier”, she said, and took a subtle pause after each phrase. I didn’t say anything.

“Now tell me, I’ll help”, she insisted. I looked at her, with my eyes all filled up with tears, and started.

“I tried, I tried my best”, sniffled multiple times. “We were together, we used to talk every day, I even went to her city to meet her, twice, but it doesn’t matter now.”

“I told you overdid that effort”, she said and patted my back.

“I didn’t want to lose her”, sniffles, multiple times, again. My cheeks grew redder, I could feel the warmth of anger even in the freezing cold night of January.

“That’s not under your control”

“I never had any good friendship last long enough, either I did something stupid or the other person did”, sniffles, “But mostly it was me, broke my friendship with my best friend just because he prioritized studies over our friendship, fucked up my good relations with a girl before whom I could have been good friends with, and others too”

“But didn’t your best friend lied to you that he was busy and always acted selfish?”, she asked, just to made me focus on the bright side.

“So what? I was the one who stopped talking, I could have been the greater one, the non-selfish one, at least our friendship would have been good”, I stuttered a little, and the tears came running down the cheeks.

“No, it’s not that”, I said, “I wanted to do something good, that would prevent it from happening again.” My throat was almost full, and I felt like throwing up. I sat down on the stairs. She sat beside me.

“I wanted to tell her that I really liked her, I had told her before, that’s why I went.”

“So, why she ended it? Did you do anything wrong.”

“I don’t know”, I looked up at her, “Maybe. I won’t ever know.”

“Ask her?”

“I texted her, 2 weeks ago, she didn’t even read it”, I replied and threw my face in my hands. “I regret that I even met her.”

“I too”

“She sang a song for me on my birthday? We both love that song, and she sang it for me, on my birthday. She even told me, last time when I talked to her properly, that she was planning to come to Kanpur.”

“She didn’t. Right?”

“No. I asked her that was she coming to her brother’s wedding in Lucknow, she didn’t even reply to that” I said and showed my phone with our chat opened up. My sister took it from me and started reading it.

“Why didn’t you ask again?”, she asked and looked at me, “and why did you said her that she never liked you, it was all a ruse for timepass? Why?” I could feel a sense of concern in her voice, more than ever I’ve seen before.

“I was angry”

“You never send a message like this, not even in immense anger”, she said, concerningly.

“I know, I deeply regret it now. And more than that I’m disappointed that she didn’t even care to explain herself. Like I was nothing to her”

“That is bad”

“I was expecting that she isn’t replying my text because she wanted to come and surprise me. I was waiting for her. I asked Papa, every single day, if Manu uncle is back or not. She would be coming with her.”

“But she didn’t”, said my sister, with a very visible disappointment on her face.

“I even told my friend that she likes me so much that she is going to surprise me.” My sister looked at me, with same disappointment as before, a little anger was there too, perhaps.

“She deleted all of her socials, and I thought that she was taking her time off, I even joked about it among my friends that she turned to Instagram User suddenly.” Sniffled again. My chest was getting heavy, from all that weeping and cough. I could feel that pain, very close to my heart.

“Two days later I saw her new Id”, I said in a cracking voice.

“What the fuck?”, sister said, a little louder this time.

“I couldn’t believe my eyes what I saw. Earlier, whenever she deleted old and made a new Id, first thing she used to do was telling me, texted me, but this time, she didn’t.”

“She was trying to hide”, she implied, “I’m sure”.

“I got angry, and still didn’t say anything, just waited. Like always. Days passed. She didn’t even bother to text me.”

“That’s why you messaged that?”, she asked?

“Yeah”, I replied with a nod, “And now I regret it. Maybe she got hurt from that.”

“What about you”, Didi said, ferociously, “what about your feelings. She didn’t care about them even once.”

“Nothing about me, I’ve no problem with her talking some time to sort it out, or figure things out”, I replied, “I told you I don’t want to lose her, and I could bear that much pain for it.”

“If Maami heard it, you’ll get beaten so hard that you’ll come to your right senses. You should focus on yourself for now, leave her”, Didi warned me.

“You don’t understand”, I said, irritated, and got up on my feet. She stared at me which made me sit back down on the stairs.

“I tried to sorry to her, messaged her, but…”

“But?”

“She said, I don’t have time to explain it to you, not anything. And just stay what you are, a brother”

There was a complete silence as I finished my sentence. I looked at my sister, with eyes flooding up with tears, chest felt immensely heavier than before. She was looking at me, perplexed and too stunned to speak anything.

“Why would she say that”, she said, quietly.

“I don’t know”, I replied with a nod, and burst up into tears. She patted my back and tried to relief me, but that didn’t work. The things that I had kept hidden for weeks, were finally out now. I could feel the weight that was on my chest, getting lighter, slowly. The warmness inside the body was beating the chilling cold outside. Eyes and cheeks and hands, all were redder than ever before.

“Agghhh…”, I cried out loud, and sniffled and snorted multiple times.

“It’s ok”, she said with a cracking voice, and patted my back, “It would get better.”

“It is now like a dream. The most beautiful and heartbreaking dream that I ever saw”, I said in a cracking voice, “I don’t want to ever forget it, but I wouldn’t be able to remember it either.”