“Do you want to go to MIT?”

“Yes, very much” he becomes cheerful soon as he says this, “why’d you ask that?”, he adds.

“No, I thought you were more into arts than engineering and science stuff.”

He smiles and says, “you know, I’ve read approx. 30 books, and 20 of them are related to physics and mathematics and three of them are entirely about biology and chemistry”.

“Then why don’t you go for JEE, if you like it”.

“I just don’t see the value for it”.

“What do you mean”, she asks.

“I mean, I like physics and engineering, in fact, when I was in 6th grade, if anybody asked me what I’d become when I grow up, I always replied enigneer, but now things have changed”.

“You’re finally grown up”, she interrupts him in between and chuckles as she says this.

“Yes a kind of”, he also chuckles and continues, “my family is full of engineers, this fascinated me and I decided that I’d become the same, but now I realize, that wasn’t the thing which fascinated me, but it was the thought of creating something that I used to think I’ll do once I become engineer, but…”, he stops and looks up into the sky.

“But what?”

“But now I see, engineering is all about—jobs, sit on a desk, handle the server from that desk, which located in some other corner of the world, where is the innovation?”

“People are making new things, like new products”, she keeps her counter-argument.

“It’s all about business and to sell as much as you can, not about, creating something new, something really helpful, like it was for making first smartphone, or the first car, or first satellite, that is what I’m talking about”.

“Yeah, people don’t do that, more often these days”, she agrees with him.

“And in our country, it’s way too hard to do anything, like any innovation on your own, you’ll have to be a part of IIT or an IISC, which requires some of the most unnecessary efforts, like writing the JEE exam, what you do in research and what you study for JEE are completely different from each other”.

She looks at him, perplexed, as it doesn’t make sense to her.

“I won’t elaborate on that”, and he smiles.