15th Feb 2023,

It was a warm, sunny day, so I and my family members were sitting in the balcony. There was an uncanny and loud silence. Bua was leaning against the railing, so was my Mausi. I was sitting on the bed, inside the room with notebook in my hand and my nana and fufa ji on one side of the bed. We were talking about something.

Baba was ill, so everyone, every family member was staying to spend some time with him. We didn’t admit him to the hospital as his condition was stable and doctor suggested to take care of him at home instead.

My father was sitting inside, near Baba, to keep checking his condition. Barely 5 mins have gone by, as I described this situation, he yelled my name “Harsh, Harsh!!”

I immediately threw the notebook away, jumped on feet and ran inside. As soon as I stepped inside, clock felt ticking slower than before.

“Hurry up, pick him up from here”, my father said, in panic.

“Bua!! Mausi! Nana!”, I yelled.

“Push this side”, my father said.

Everyone came running inside. Clock was ticking even slower now. Everybody was panicking. My mother called Manu uncle, immediately.

I looked at Baba’s face, his eyes were closed, mouth was open, jaw was hanging, lifelessly. I tried to lift his hand, and to my surprise, I could it lift it without any efforts.

“What was happening”, I thought, and almost burst up into tears, as I knew what had happened.

As soon as Bua saw his face, she burst up into tears and gave loud cry out of pain and ran into other room, away from all of this.

Nana and Fufa-ji too helped lifting Baba up.

“Papa, call the doctor”, I said, with a cracking voice.

“No need”, Nana said, and looked at us, disappointed. Bua cried even louder than before as she heard that.

I looked at my father, he almost burst up into tears too, his eyes were moist and face was getting red. But he looked at everyone and immediately his face came back to normal.

“What happened?”, Manu uncle said as he came upstairs.

My father looked at him, and shook his head in disappointment. I could see the facial expression on Manu uncle’s face changing, in a blink of an eye.

“Try CPR”, Mausi said, in a hurry. She was on call with the doctor already.

“We did”, Nana said.

“Papa, just take him to the hospital, will see what do next”, I said, in a cracking voice, and fetched the car keys.

“There’s no need”, Nana said, in a low voice, “go and get the ganga jal.” My brother went to do as asked.

“Call Bhaiya”, Bua said, as she kept crying. I dialed up the phone and called them immediately.

Baba was no more, we all knew that, but we didn’t want to believe it, not even for a slightest of chances. I called them and told them. They were all in shock.

“But yesterday you told the condition was better, it was improving, then how? How could it happen?”, he said, my uncle.

“It just did, we don’t know.”

“Harsh, keep the phone aside”, Manu uncle said to me, “We’ll lift him up with the bedsheet and take him to the hospital, get the car keys.”

I nodded and sniffled. Gave him the car keys. In a matter of seconds, we all, Nana, Papa, Uncle, and I, lifted up Baba, while he laid unconscious, and brought him downstairs. Papa sat him in the backseat while Manu uncle drove to the hospital. It wasn’t very far from our house so rest of us followed the car on foot.

We laid him down on the stretcher and then shifted him to the ICU, but it was too late. We all knew it, but we still were not losing any hopes.

The doctor came outside of the ICU just a few moments later, looked at us and waved his head in disappointment and said nothing.

We all knew.

I went back to the home, looked at everyone, crying. I sat back in the chair. It all happened so quickly and yet so slow that I remember each and everything in detail.

Half and hour later, the body came, everyone went downstairs. Bua hadn’t stopped crying since the starting. I stayed upstairs though, in my room. Manu uncle was there, and my brother and Mausi came later too.

I could see each and every memory related to Baba very clearly, as it played whenever I closed my eyes.

I could see that face of his when he was undergoing by-pass surgery when I was a kid. I was sleeping at that time when he had an heart attack. A day prior to that, I yelled at him because of some mis-understanding. And yesterday, when I trying to say something to me, but he went quiet and laughed instead when I was unable to understand it. I could see all these memories playing inside my head at that time.

Next day in the morning, we all had to go to the ghat for his funeral. As they were keeping his body on woods, I saw him. It didn’t feel like he wasn’t anymore. His body was glowing, and not pale, it felt like he was smiling, and was sleeping, in a great comfort.

It was my first time to any funeral. I didn’t want to go, but I was sent anyway. As the flame rose, my eyes started flooding with tears. I looked away, immediately. Bhaiya saw me.

“Harsh, let’s go”, he said to me, “let’s go there”, pointing at the stairs.

We walked down a few stairs and then sat down. We didn’t utter a single word. And it made me feel relaxed.

After completing all the rituals at the ghat, my family, everyone, left for Gorakhpur, to our village, for rest of the rituals. My brother and I stayed back as I had my board exams and he had his final exams too.

“You’ll have to do the asthi-visarjan tomorrow, Utkarsh is too young for that”, my mother said to me before she left.

“I can’t, I won’t be able to”, I wanted to say, but I realized that there is no other option.

Next day in the morning. I went back to the ghat, with uncle.

It was all ashes. A day before, there was a person, a big healthy person, but today, it was nothing but ash. Some guy who worked there put all the ashes into a pot, some pieces of bone were still un-burnt. Then he took me to the river side and told me everything, how perform that ritual.

He handed me the pot. I took it, and my whole body started shaking. A person, who once used to carry me in his arms, his ashes were in that pot. It all felt so disheartening.

I guess, that’s life.

Later in that night, when it was all quiet. I could finally hear all the thoughts that were in my mind. I was going to the kitchen, to have some water. I looked at the bed, where he used to sleep which was now vacant, and it immediately got me into tears. I started to freak out, about all the things that happened and the things that might would happen.

I had no one to talk to, nobody by my side to help me get through this difficult time, as I thought so. But there was someone, who was far, yet closer than others. That person listened to me and helped me to get through that night.

Life is awful, nothing is permanent, but as long as you have right people, it is bearable.