In current situation of the world where every passing day something new & strange is happening, be it some discovery in science or some new technology coming to life or some country invading other; we need to have something that gives us an escape from this turmoil.

Every single person when born as a kid possess two of very basic qualities- innocence or naivety & curiosity. “Why do we fall?”, “Why the sky is blue?”, “Why we can’t see stars during the day?”, and many millions of questions like these, course through the mind of a kid, every minute, every second. Every time they see some new thing, they ask question about it. These behaviour of theirs- asking question each time stumbling upon a new thing shows their curious nature & genuine interest to learn about new things.

Or when their eyes tear up when they see a poor beggar, they would try to help them, totally unaware of the falseness of the world, this is called innocence or naivety. They would never feel bad even if they were tricked into helping that “pretending to be poor” person (as described by most of us, and our parents). These very basic but very rare qualities were once gifted to all of us by the nature.

“What you want to become when you grow up?” asks the kindergarten teacher to her class. “Astronaut, doctor, scientist, painter, actor, dancer, engineer, singer……”, said the sounds. If you closely listen to these & pay a little attention to ambitions of those kids, you would notice that majority of them say to become someone that helps others, or creates something new, or explores something new, nobody cared to earn do an MBA or become a lawyer or be a director of some MNC. We were always built that way.

But as they grow up, you & I grow up, we get caught into, people around us, be it our parents, our teachers, our elder, or neighbours, they all try to teach us new things- manners to talk to someone, eating etiquettes on the most basic & new ideas & limits in the extremes. They all are same as us yet very different than us. They try to teach us some new ideas about the world, the world which they had seen & experienced their whole life, and tell us about the society & the future. Everything through their spectacle. “Teaching” is not a suitable word to use in the previous statement rather “forcing”. They force their ideas, their insecurities, their limits & their experiences on to us. All these attempts to make us fit in the society & fit for the future by making us forget our true selves. Day after day, month after month, year after year, our innocence is tamed & our curiosity is crushed by overwhelming feeding of knowledge & ideas, which are supposed to be idealistic but are not.

While this happening to us, most of us struggle to find our own existence, our true selves, which is independent of societal norms, but most of us, till our early-teenage years succumb to those norms & loose our curiosity & innocence. A kid or two in a million are able to protect these precious qualities. But till the age of 20s, this no falls down ten-folds. It’s a very rare occasion when you would find a person who isn’t afraid of being naïve about the world around them and are in constant curiosity to learn new things.

Talking about passion; it’s something that is a product of curiosity & innocence which also comes to us in our childhood. While exploring the world around us, we discover something that it excites us, challenges us & makes us glad, all at the same time. Every time you do it, you face a new challenge, which teaches you something new, or it makes you go hours talking about it even if you’ve never liked talking. This thing always stays with our, till our last breaths. It’s not necessary it’s same as the talent one possesses.

This passion of our helps us to create a new perspective about the world, lets us propagate our own ideas by means of them & keeps our innocence & curiosity alive like a perpetual mechanism— arising from it & keeping it alive. It provides us an escape from the harsh realities & the world around us.

You might have a 9-5 job that conforms you to the societal norms & still have a passion that pulls you out every time you fall deep into the reality around us, and takes you to alternate realm, where logic doesn’t matter, materialism seizes to exist & no more obligations are burdened over us. It’s a cure to realistic world that takes us away from it & near the true idealistic world as it was supposed to be.