“Why is there so much of crowd? Why are so many police men out there?”

“Hey!! Put the barricades! Quick!”, a voice from the crowd says, along with other voices.

“What’s going on there? I heard a loud noise a few minutes before but what now? What was that sound of?”

He looks around, perplexed by the surroundings, chaos everywhere; ambulance and police vehicles passing by. He was supposed to be on his regular constable’s duty, but today he left the police station after he heard the loud bang, just like other fellow officers. 

He starts pacing himself towards the crowd who were struggling to put barricades.

Takes a step, and then other, and then other, all slowly, advertently. His face was sweaty, because of the horror & complete lack of knowledge of the situation.

“Hey! Hey! They’re in a car!! That’s the car!!”, a voice distinguishes from the rest as someone from the crowd shouts again.

He starts running towards the crowd, the constable; with a baton in his hand, without any protective gear, not even a helmet.

There were plenty of officers with protective gears on, rifles and pistols in their hands. In that moment, all the faces looked similar, exhibiting same shades of fear & cluelessness. Everything was happening so fast.

“Tukaram! Where were you?”, asks a fellow officer who was also involved in the struggle.

“I was… I was in the station… I heard… I heard something… What’s happening?”, Tukaram replies and fumbles with his words.

He then quickly walks towards the barricading, struggles a bit to get to the front, but eventually gets there.

“Why it’s moving so slow?”, he asks himself, trying to put pieces together to figure out what’s happening. Everything around him which was happening so fast to understand suddenly had slowed down.

“Stay Alert!! Stay Alert!! They’re coming!!”, officer next to him with a revolver in his hand shouts.

A car, silver-white sedan, was coming towards them. Tukaram squints his eyes to look through the windshield. His pupils suddenly widen as he sees they had guns. He could vaguely see it, because of the high-beam headlight.

“They’ve guns!! Back!! Go back!!”, he shouts.

The herd panics and they start taking their steps back. Guns’ magazines’ clicks. Those who had rifles, loads them, one with batons and sticks step back, pistol and revolvers one take cover of the barricading.

Car doesn’t seem to stop. It was slowly coming towards them.

“Get out of the car!!”, some officer warns them on loud-speaker. “We give you a chance to step out of the car… or else we will shoot!!”

“They aren’t stopping”, Tukaram says to the officer. Unlike fellow constables with batons, he wasn’t at the back, but standing in the front with the gunmen.

“They’re not going to stop!”, officer murmurs, “shoot!!”, he screams.

Gunmen present there, all of them, pull the triggers, as soon as they hear the command.

Bullets fly from the AK-47s barrels towards the car, pierces windshield glass and goes into abyss of the car’s interior.

Car was now slowly pulling over, and eventually stops. Gunmen reload their magazines, and some of the officers along with Tukaram, start pacing towards the car.

“They’re dead. I think.”, Tukaram says to himself.

They can see two people in the front seat, one of them had a bullet hole in his head, other was lying with his face covered in blood.

Tukaram holds his baton tightly. He slowly and carefully paces towards the door. Opens it. He could see both of them lay dead before him, but his sixth sense was telling something else to him, he could sense something was wrong.

“They’re dead”, an officer shouts and gives his palms a relax from holding his revolver to tight.

Kasab, who was the driver, turns towards the door with AK in his hand.

“I should stop him!!”, Tukaram thinks. “No… No! he’s alive!”, Tukaram shouts as he sees still Kasab breathing. His eyes widen again.

With a split of second decision, even before the officers and other could even blink their eyes or think, Tukaram, without any protective vests or weapons, throws his hand towards Kasab.

He holds his shoulders and presses his thumbs on his wounds but it was too late. Kasab had already held his gun at Tukaram’s stomach, they only delay was there for him to pull the trigger.

Knowing this, Tukaram, tries his best, he tries to push him back so that no one else gets hurt.

“POW”, a shot gets fired from Kasab’s gun.

Everyone present there was shocked as the heard the sound. Everything happened too quickly for anyone to do anything.

“POW”, another round fired.

Kasab fired two rounds of AK-47 straight in Tukaram’s stomach, point blank, but he could still feel the same amount of pressure on his shoulders from Tukaram’s hands.

“POW… POW…”, he fires two more shots.

He pulls trigger a few more times, but gun doesn’t fire, he had run out of bullets.

After four bullets fired, five maybe, he could now feel a little less burden on his shoulders from the pressure of Tukaram’s hands.

Officers who were behind Tukaram, catch him, as he falls on the ground after stopping the bullets for them, without even caring for his own life.

Officers and gunmen then hurdle to stop Kasab from firing more rounds or running away. Few of them pull Tukaram back and put his body on the ground. He was struggling for his life, or maybe he had already died. I wasn’t there, but I could say what he did, because of his sacrifice, some other kid’s father who was there at that night, stayed alive.

He sacrificed his life and saved many other innocents ones.

I don’t have any words to say, but to thank and be proud of him as an Indian citizen.

Jai Hind!!